c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.dll.config
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.pdb
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.dll
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.pdb
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.init.resources
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.dbFans.resources
c:\users\eliba\onedrive\מסמכים\visual studio 2015\Projects\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.dbFan.resources
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.dll.config
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Shauli-Blog.pdb
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.InitialCreate.resources
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.init.resources
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.dbFans.resources
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli_Blog.Migrations.dbFan.resources
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.dll
C:\Users\eliba\Desktop\Shauli-Blog\Shauli-Blog\obj\Debug\Shauli-Blog.pdb
